# Communicating the Goals of Change
To motivate the change in approach, you must be able to clearly and concisely communicate why a different approach is needed. If the business goal is to achieve better responsiveness to changing market needs, the goal for the iterative project effort might be something like be able to go from idea to released product in nine months (or less!). The more precise and measurable the goals, the easier they are to achieve. It’s important for you to do a couple things when you are communicating the reasons for the change: 1) Be concise and articulate, and be able to explain it in a few minutes or less. 2) Link problems to outcomes, such as “If we don’t do X better, Y will happen”
# Determining the Pace of Change
If the change is too large, people may lose hope that it will ever pay off and might abandon it. We have personally witnessed this many times, which is why we recommend an iterative approach to introducing change. This seems like simple common sense and no great innovation, but it remains a mystery to us why people so often try to push large changes in a single large initiative.
Expectations must be managed carefully. The tendency for teams to want to do everything immediately needs to be tempered; a sense of “proportion and pace” is crucial. The improvements must be driven fast enough to achieve the desired results as quickly as possible, but not so fast that the team gets confused or disheartened at the lack of progress caused by trying to do too much change at once.
# Dealing with Skepticism
You will encounter skepticism and disbelief in the approach that you are proposing. You should be prepared to answer the skeptics because they are likely to become your biggest supporters if you can win them over. Everyone has seen grand new approaches that claim wonderful benefits but fail to produce results. The skeptics will ask, “What will be different this
time?” The argument is based on the observation that every project manager starts every project with a new plan and the best of intentions, but the result is always the same: project slips, frustration, and failure. You must be able to answer the question, “Why should we believe you are doing something significant enough to affect the outcome?” 
# Maintaining Momentum
The more you iterate, the better you and your team will get at it. Each iteration results in management, planning, process adoption, and team interactions improving and iteration becoming easier. By struggling through the first few iterations, you and the team learn how to iterate and how to work together in an iterative fashion. Over time, the levels of planning, reporting, designing, and everything else will settle at a natural level suitable for the team and the project. You achieve this by reviewing results at the end of each iteration and adapting your tactics and plans, discarding or amending things that don’t add value, and adding techniques as needed to resolve issues.
It will probably take you and your team a number of evolutions to become really proficient at iterating. The key is to keep going and use the evolutionary and iterative nature of the projects to evolve the team’s capability alongside the solutions that they are developing. Achieving continuous improvement through iteration is the subject of the next section.

